Rewrite the Collections part of the Composing article for V14 (#6176)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/implementation/composing.md

            .Append<FirstThing>()
            .Append<SecondThing>()
            .Append<ThirdThing>();
    }
}

// An Umbraco Management API Controller - used in a Dashboard or Property Editor, perhaps?
[ApiExplorerSettings(GroupName = "Do things")]
[VersionedApiBackOfficeRoute("do/things")]
public class DoThingsController : ManagementApiControllerBase
{
    private readonly DoThingsCollection _doThings;

    public DoThingsController(DoThingsCollection doThings)
        => _doThings = doThings;

    [HttpGet]
    [ProducesResponseType<string[]>(StatusCodes.Status200OK)]
    public IActionResult DoAllThings(string message)
    {
        var allThingsDone = _doThings
            .Select(doThing => doThing.DoTheThing(message))
            .ToArray();

        return Ok(allThingsDone);
    }
}
```

## Example of using Lazy Collections with Type Scanning

You may wish to create an Umbraco package that allows package consumers to extend and add additional functionality. In this example, we show how you can use the `LazyCollectionBuilderBase` to scan assemblies that implement your interface by using the `TypeLoader`

{% hint style="warning" %}

> Don't use type scanning if you can avoid it. Type scanning increases the Umbraco boot time.
> 
> If your use case requires type scanning, make sure your interface implements `IDiscoverable`. This marker interface ensures that types are scanned once and then cached by Umbraco. In this way, we save time by not having to re-scan for types over and over again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't use type scanning if you can avoid it. Type scanning increases the Umbraco boot time.

If your use case requires type scanning, ensure your interface implements `IDiscoverable`. This marker interface ensures that types are scanned once and then cached by Umbraco. This way, we save time by not having to re-scan for types repeatedly.
```
